README.md, before:

# Regenie

## Roadmap
- ✅ CI/CD with Vercel
- ✅ AI responses (using AI SDK and OpenAI responses)
- ✅ Logging (basic console logging)
- ✅ Formatting and linting (Biome)
- ✅ Markdown to Slack mrkdwn conversion (Slackify-Markdown)
- ✅ Weather tool (OpenMeteo)
- ✅ Web search tool (Exa)
- ✅ Precommit hooks (Husky)
- ✅ AI suggested prompts
- ✅ AI suggested title
- ✅ Remove extreme logging to clean up code
- ✅ Add a constants file and move all constants there
- ⬜ PDF and image upload support
- ⬜ Consider whether to trim first two messages (in assistant threads) as they are always the same
- ⬜ Improve prompt for follow ups
- ⬜ Make structured data optional (i.e. allow for just text responses for app mentions etc)
- ⬜ Add persona switching
- ⬜ Better error handling for generateResponse
- ⬜ Include a backup for structured data
- ⬜ Investigate whether direct use of OpenAI API is possible and better for structured data
- ⬜ Home page
- ⬜ News specific tool (Tavily?)
- ⬜ YouTube search tool (YouTube Data API?)
- ⬜ Consider token limits

Commit message:

update to prompts, randomise thinking message, including optional structuredAddition, update readme roadmap

README.md, after:

# Regenie

## Roadmap
- ✅ CI/CD with Vercel
- ✅ AI responses (using AI SDK and OpenAI responses)
- ✅ Logging (basic console logging)
- ✅ Formatting and linting (Biome)
- ✅ Markdown to Slack mrkdwn conversion (Slackify-Markdown)
- ✅ Weather tool (OpenMeteo)
- ✅ Web search tool (Exa)
- ✅ Precommit hooks (Husky)
- ✅ AI suggested prompts
- ✅ AI suggested title
- ✅ Remove extreme logging to clean up code
- ✅ Add a constants file and move all constants there
- ✅ Randomise initial followups, welcome messages, followup titles, and thinking message
- ✅ Improve prompt for follow ups and gen structured data
- ⬜ PDF and image upload support
- ⬜ Consider whether to trim first two messages (in assistant threads) as they are always the same
- ⬜ Make structured data optional (i.e. allow for just text responses for app mentions etc)
- ⬜ Add persona switching
- ⬜ Better error handling for generateResponse
- ⬜ Include a backup for structured data
- ⬜ Investigate whether direct use of OpenAI API is possible and better for structured data
- ⬜ Home page
- ⬜ News specific tool (Tavily?)
- ⬜ YouTube search tool (YouTube Data API?)
- ⬜ Consider token limits
